https://huggingface.co/thesreedath/slm-125m-base

This is one of the models, which has 125 million parameters, that I have trained recently for 10 epochs.

Now I want to perform fine-tuning on top of this model. 

One thing I want to note is that I have the dataset, which is cleaned and available on modal. However, the tokenizer that was used for this particular model on HuggingFace might be different. 

Which means when I create the fine-tuning dataset, you will have to run Tokenizer based on the tokenizer.json in this particular Hugging Phase link. 

Now, what this means is we will have to create the new tokenizer vocabulary based on the tokenizer.json available, and we will also have to create a new Q&A dataset for fine-tuning. 

Now this Q&A dataset should be of high quality and high diversity, and we should also ensure that in this dataset there are no duplicates. 

https://slm-finetuning-data.vercel.app/

In the above website link, I have mentioned some details regarding what we have to do with respect to the Q&A data. We have to ensure quality by making sure that, as an LLM using an LLM as a judge, the answers corresponding to the question should be correct. The diversity of the Q&A data set should be very high. Also, we have to take a decision regarding how big the training data set should be. 

Now, to create the QnA dataset from the training data, you can make use of Gemini 2.5 flash. 

And this process should be done as much as possible in parallel. 

And before you implement your Q&A dataset creation using Gemini, just let me know what is the estimated cost. Also, you should let me know how many Q&A pairs are appropriate in this particular case. 

Now let's implement this in two stages:
1. In phase one, we will work on building the fine-tuning dataset and tokenizing the fine-tuned data.
2. In phase two, we will implement the actual fine-tuning.
When we are implementing the actual fine-tuning also, you should discuss with me regarding:
- the number of GPUs to use
- which GPU to use
- how much time this fine-tuning is expected to complete
- the total number of tokens that will be consumed during fine-tuning

